### Application Level Middleware

Application level middleware is a middleware method that runs every time any request is sent to the application.

To add an application level middleware to your application, we will use the `app.use()` method.

Let's take the following example:

```javascript
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  console.log("ONE");
  next();
});
```

The `app.use()` takes a callback function as an argument. This function takes three arguments: the `request` and `response` objects which you can modify them if needed, and the `next` method which is called when the middleware's work is done.

The app will be waiting for `next()`. It signals the end of the middleware function, if you remove it the app will hang because the middleware function is not closed.

An application can have an endless number of middleware functions. They execute in an endless order. Let's take the following example:

```javascript
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  console.log("ONE");
  next();
});

app.use((req, res, next) => {
  console.log("TWO");
  next();
});
```

The output of those middleware functions will be:

```shell
  ONE
  TWO
```

As you can see, `next()` is called at the end of every middleware function to exit the function. But is it the only way to exit a middleware function?

The answer is no, it's not the only way. You can also end a middleware function by sending a response.

Basically, the entire app is made of middleware. Example, the url matches the route in this function `app.get("/hello",)` so it will execute this middleware, then a response is sent so the middleware terminates itself. The request/response cycle also ends here, and the response is sent to the client. This process happens with every request that Express receives.
