One of the common uses of middleware methods is error middleware methods, which is basically a function that we call if we have an error.

Here is an example for an error middleware:

```javascript
app.use((err, req, res, next) => {
  console.log("ERROR MIDDLEWARE");
  next();
});
```

It looks like a normal middleware but the difference is that it has an extra parameter in the beginning, which is the error object.

To call the error middleware, you pass `next()` an object. When you do that, `Express` will directly go to the next method with four arguments.

Let's take the following example. How can we deal with routes that are not found? we need to send a `404` status code. To do that we will create two middleware functions, one that takes care of `not-found` requests and a general one that takes care of all errors.

For the `not-found` function, we will place it right before our `app.listen()` method. This middleware will be automatically called only if no route is identical to the requested route.

```javascript
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  const err = new Error("Not Found");
  err.status = 404;
  next(err);
});

app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log("The application is running on localhost:3000");
});
```

In the above code, we created a middleware function that creates a new error with the message `Not Found`([read more about it](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error)). Then we set the status of this error instance to `404` which means the requested URL doesn't exist.

Finally, we call the `next()` method and pass it the error as an argument. This will call the generic error middleware function that we will create now:

```javascript
app.use((err, req, res, next) => {
  res.status(err.status || 500);
  res.json({
    error: {
      message: err.message
    }
  });
});
```

As you can see, an error-handling middleware takes four arguments. In the callback function, we're setting the status of the `response` to the passed status. If no status code was passed, it will be set to `500` which means that it's a server error. Also we will send an error message as our json response.
