One of the common uses of middleware methods is error middleware methods, which is basically a function that we call if we have an error.

Here is an example for an error middleware:

```javascript
app.use((err, req, res, next) => {
  console.log("ERROR MIDDLEWARE");
  next();
});
```

It looks like a normal middleware but the difference is that it has an extra parameter at the beginning, which is the error object.

To call the error middleware, you pass `next()` an object, which is the error object. When you do that, `Express` will directly go to the next middleware function with four arguments.

How can we use error middleware methods in our application? In our [previous example](https://warehouse.joincoded.com/workshop/express-basics/routing/route-parameters/) when we fetched a cake's details, what if the requested cake ID did not exist? At this point, the response will send nothing back and the status code will be 200, which means it's a successful response even though it's not!

To fix that we will create an error instance with a message and a status. Then we will pass it to the error middleware method to handle it. Keep in mind that you need to pass `next` as an argument to your route's callback function.

```javascript
app.get("/cakes/:cakeId", (req, res, next) => {
  const { cakeId } = req.params;
  const cake = cakes.find(_cake => _cake.id === +cakeId);
  if (cake) {
    res.json(cake);
  } else {
    const err = new Error("This cake doesn't exist");
    err.status = 404;
    next(err);
  }
});
```

As you can see, an error-handling middleware method takes four arguments. In the callback function, we're setting the status of the `response` to the passed status. If no status code was passed, it will be set to `500` which means that it's a server error. Also we will send an error message as our json response.

```javascript
app.use((err, req, res, next) => {
  res.status(err.status || 500);
  res.json({
    error: {
      message: err.message || "Internal Server Error"
    }
  });
});
```

We can call this method in any route that needs to handle an error. For example, our [not-found](https://warehouse.joincoded.com/workshop/express-basics/middleware/example/) middleware can call the error handling middleware to handle the error as shown below:

```javascript
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  const err = new Error("Not Found");
  err.status = 404;
  next(err);
});

app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log("The application is running on localhost:3000");
});
```
