## GLOBAL SETUP

- Install node and yarn
- Install nodemon to not restart the server every time we make a change
  `yarn global add nodemon`

## Environment Setup

The first step in the setup is to create a folder using the `mkdir` command in the terminal. Then, we'll `cd` inside our folder.

`Express` is based on `nodejs`, so we need a `nodejs` environment to use `Express`. To create a `nodejs` environment we use the following command:

```shell
    yarn init -y
```

The `-y` will set the default options such as the name of the project and version.

Note that your folder was empty, but after running the command above, we now have a `package.json` file.

Next, create a file called `app.js` in your project folder. Open the `package.json` file and change the `main` property value to `app.js` as shown below:

```javascript
  "main": "app.js",
```

Now `nodejs` knows that our main file is `app.js`.

Your `nodejs` environment is ready.

## Express Setup

To install `Express` we will use the following command inside our `nodejs` environment:

```shell
    yarn add express
```

To create our `Express` app, we will use the `express` method. This method simply creates your app.

```javascript
const express = require("express");

const app = express();
```

In the code above, we required the `express` method and called it, it will return an `Express` application which we saved in the constant `app`.

To actually run the application, we will set a development server using the `listen` method.

```javascript
app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log("The application is running on local host:3000");
});
```

The `listen()` method takes two arguments, the port number which will be 3000.

The second argument is optional, we will pass a callback function that console logs to make it clear in the terminal what port we're using.

Open your browser and go to `localhost:3000`, you'll receive a `404` status and a message saying `Cannot GET /`. This is because we haven't defined a `/` route that sends a response when it's called.

Congratulations! You created your first `Express` app!
